Add data-updates documention to Renault (#38678)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/renault.markdown

In some situations, some of the features may require a subscription such as the *Pack EV Remote Control* and/or the *Pack Smart Navigation* subscription.

## Data updates

> Due to rate limitation from the Renault servers, the integration limits polling to 60 data requests / hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to rate limitations from the Renault servers, the integration limits {% term polling %} to 60 data requests/hour.
```
